Old Player Abilities:
Use a circle thingy that floats a set distance away from the player in the direction of the
`mouse/joystick
Hold down button 1 to bring out circle thingy
Press button 2 whilst pressing button 1 to move to opposite side of circle thingy position
Passing circle thingy through enemies harm them
Could use circle thingy to trigger switches/buttons?
Could use circle thingy to pass through objects to change their stats somehow?, states?,
`breakables?
Other abilities?, such as more cool ways to use circle thingy to attack?
-Double circle thingies, front and back opposite sides

New player abilities:
Action 1 : Swing soul blade. Button press = swing soul blade from right side to the front from player, outwards. On button release = return soul blade will complete arc and return to your left side. Attacking in successsion will alternate the side the blade starts on, resulting in swingingthe soul blade back and forth. Until you let go of the button, the soul blade will stay in front of you, allowing you to do spinning attacks by moving your character around in a circle. Soul blade positioning will be basedo nt he player's forward, thus attack direction is controlled by your movement facing direction.
Action 2 : Boomerang throw. On button press, throws your soul blade straight forward a considerable distance. After it reaches this peak distance, it will begin to return to you. Whilst it is thrown, you cannot perform action 1 attacks.
Action 3 : Apire towards soul blade. On button press, whilst soul blade is thrown during action 2

Circle thingy name ideas: Sash, Air Blade, Razer, Wings, Vorpal Sash, Vorpal Wing, State Blade,
`Twin Vorpal Wings, Soul Orb, Chi Blade, Soul Pulse, Wraith Whip, Umbra, Spirit Sash, Ego Blade,
`Soul Blade, Spirit Force, Drive, Surge, Hook, Band, Ring, Hoop, Belt, Link, Nexus

Final names:
Soul Blade
Spirit Sash
Umbra Orb
Wraith Whip
Vorpal Wing

Gameplay:
Top down
Once level complete, floor panel turns on and you rise upwards to progress to new level
Droppable items from objects that are broken with incarnation (power boosts, weapons)
Move around with arrow keys/joystick
Cross gaps with incarnation Aspire mechanic
Floor patterns Visuals to indicate things?
Screen has spotlight effect on the player where everything around you is dark, the area of
`brightness will continue to enlargen as you progress through the game
You will need to find you way through the levels, completing puzzles and defeating foes along the
`way
Enemies will approach you from the darkness, mainly in passageways and the front of larger rooms
Some rooms as mini-boss fights where you'll be locked in and waves of enemies will surround you
Some levels aren't explorative but solely for a large boss fight where the whole level is the
fighting stage
You have a Will Guage that reflects how strong your attacks are, everytime you defeat an enemy
`your Will Guage will rise, everytime you get hit by an enemy your Will Guage will lower
You have a Concentration Guage that reflects how long you can materialise your incarnation, as
`long as you are incarnating the Concentration Guage will drop, when not incarnating it will rise,
`upon reaching 0 you are forcefully stopped from incarnating until it reaches 10% again
You die upon your Will Guage reaching 0
There are no checkpoints, everytime you die you will get a failure screen & the option to start
`over from the beginning
At the end of each level in the location of where you enter the next, you can pause & save your
`current location to allow closing the program and then picking up where you left off the next
`time you play
The game's main menu will have a simplistic black screen design with a pulsing gem in the middle
`that represents your Will
In the level selection screen it will show locked harder difficulties

Title:
-Mentality Incarnated-

Enemies:
Based on different negative mental paths.
- Lost - unpredictable movement direction/attacks
- Doubt - generic/common, slow crawling

- Fright - generic/less common, quick/sudden
- Sadness - Crying attacks? Leaves pools/puddle of tears?
- Temptation - rare, lead you to loot but lead you away from the goal, reach failed/gameover
  `state if you keep following (fall for) temptations
- Ashamed - Weeping angel style?
- Confusion - Messes with vision?
- Paranoia - Creates ghosts/clones?
- Obsession - Tugs the player towards them in jolts every so often
- Resignation - Stone statues that do not let you past
- Cowardly - Runs away faster than the player can move, Requires luring into a location via
  `boxing them in?
- Depression - Slows the player down
- Self-Destructive - Blows up like a creeper upon getting close to you
Bosses:
- Arrogance?
- Twisted
- Karma
(expandable before final boss)
- Life - Final boss

Obstacles & Interactables:
- Gaps - Aspire over gaps
- Diamond Shaped 'Faith Jewels' - Hit these with your Incarnation to raise your Will Guage by a
  `large sum
- Infusing Orbs - Hold incarnation of will over orb to charge it up, slowly loses charge over
  `time, length it stays charged depends on how much/long you charge it up by with an upper limit,
  `used as sources that power things and stops powering them once they lose charge completely
- 

Story:
I want this game to be an incarnation of one's mentality where the goal is to sturggle through
negative thoughts and battle your way to 'defeat life' and go beyond, believing in your own
power, your own will.
-Start-
Blank screen, fading text: tellings of how we have negative emotions, thoughts that block what's
really important.

Todo:
0.0.1
✅ - Create tile system
✅  `- Add layering
✅  `- Add collision
✅ - Player Movement
✅ - Cast incarnation animation
✅ - Rotate incarnation around player
✅  `- Add rotation to incarnation as you move it around
✅ - Camera follow player
✅ - Add incarnation particle effects
✅  `- Active particles
✅  `- Active solid trail
✅  `- Stop casting pop
✅ - Controller support
✅ - Smooth casting incarnation rotation
✅ - Aspire towards your will, move player to incarnation position
❎  `- Collision detection, preventing Aspiring
❎ - Build layer 1
------
0.0.2
❎ - Create enemies
❎  `- Add A* pathfinding/Head towards player
❎ - Create damage system
❎ - Playing with lighting
❎  `- Make everything dark
❎  `- Create glow effect on player
------
0.0.3
❎ - Build layer 2
❎ - Create layer transition effect
❎  `- Create triggers (triggered by incarnation)
❎    `- Create 'on' state light glow
❎  `- Create trap door opening
❎  `- Create layer change cutscene (when standing in open trapdoor)
------
0.0.4
❎ - Create inventory/player stats menu
❎ - Create items
❎ - Create weapon swapping system
❎ - Create camera shake system
❎  `- Dropping into new layers
❎  `- Getting hit
------
Stretch goals
❎ - Create main menu scene
❎  `- Create scene transition system
❎  `- Create loading scene
❎ - Add music/sfx
❎  `- Add main menu music
❎  `- Add in-game background music
❎  `- Add casting incarnation sfx
❎ - Create tutorial subtitles
❎ - Create enter layer overlay text
❎ - Create 'equipped x' overlay text
❎ - Build layer 3
❎ - Build layer 4
❎ - Build layer 5
❎ - Create ability upgrading tree system

Credits:
https://piratepoots.itch.io/dungeon-starter
https://jeresikstus.itch.io/roguelike-dungeon-tileset-16x16
https://felix-pixels.itch.io/32-32dungeon-crawler
https://atari-boy.itch.io/dungeonasset
